README.md, before:

# week2-assignment-portfolio
Week 2

Acceptable Criteria:

+the webpage presents the developer's name, a recent photo, and links to sections about them, their work, and how to contact them

+the UI scrolls to the corresponding section when one of the links in the navigation is clicked on

+the UI scrolls to a section with titled images of the applications when the link to the section about their work is clicked on

+the application's image should be larger in size than the others when the application is initially loaded

+a user is taken to that deployed application when images of the applications are clicked on

+the webpage presents a responsive layout that adapts to my viewport when the page is resized etc


Grading Requirements:

+application resembles the mock-up functionality provided in the homework instructions


+repository follows best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, etc.


NOTES/CHALLENGES:

+line (HTML) - 

+


SCREENSHOT:



LINK:

Commit message:

all 3 images are within the file, updated readme, and working on style.css to create proper header/nav bar

README.md, after:

# week2-assignment-portfolio
Week 2

Acceptable Criteria:

+the webpage presents the developer's name, a recent photo, and links to sections about them, their work, and how to contact them

+the UI scrolls to the corresponding section when one of the links in the navigation is clicked on

+the UI scrolls to a section with titled images of the applications when the link to the section about their work is clicked on

+the application's image should be larger in size than the others when the application is initially loaded

+a user is taken to that deployed application when images of the applications are clicked on

+the webpage presents a responsive layout that adapts to my viewport when the page is resized etc


Grading Requirements:

+application resembles the mock-up functionality provided in the homework instructions


+repository follows best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, etc.


NOTES/CHALLENGES:

+when including images, I used relative links for two photos that are in a specific folder in this repository, then I hyperlinked the third (header) image.

+lines 17-20 (HTML) - I created anchor links in the navigation bar to link to the four h2s. Initially I struggled because I forgot to put the # in front of the names.

+


SCREENSHOT:



LINK:
